Watch and listen intently to the video and answer the following questions. Please write 1 paragraph (3-4 complete sentences).

How important is it for you to have a large social media following and or a lot of likes/views on your social media account? B
ecause if you have alot of follwers and want to promotte  anytime of businesses and help them make money.Or if you want to start like a small food selling business all the those and suporters will help you with that.They will support your small business and purchase your items that you posted.

Have you ever purchased somthing becuase you saw it on social media? If yes, what was it and why did you purhcase it? 

yes i did purchase something from the social media.It was someone on sna chat tat was promoting some food they got from this place that wasnt getting alot of people because of the are and where its loction.
So like a few days after i went to the that plce i saw on snap chat and the food was actually good better then what i thought it was some jamica place and it was good.

In your own words, what are some of the best things about social media for you?
Some good thinggs about social media is that you can make money  from it.Like again for small business that trying to bring there business in the light and make more money.Or you can talk to old friends on social media and if you have talent like si ging you can post it and het alot of veiw s and probobly get a cahnace for someone to like record it make it a song.
In your own words, what are some of the worst things about soical media for you?

the worse things of it is the people that be on there hating like there this so i use to watch i forget what it called but it was when a girl killed herself about soemthing tthat happend  on socila media.they said something bout how she was ugly and fat and how poeple started spreading lies abot her on there so thats why she killed herself.So there are scammers on social media on there that be trying to take your money and scamm you and talk your identily or something like that.

What social media app do you spend the most time on? Why do prefer using this app over others?
tiktok and instragram and youtube i been on there the most becasue insgram i can text my friends beasue i dont have there numbers so i text them on instgram.youtube becasue i want vidoes like funny,cooking and how to do vidoes and also want people play videos games.tikrok alsoe becasue just like youtube but i want cooking,funny vidoes and people who play games but sometimes it tells me stuff thats goes on around the world that i didnt know bout.
How long could you go without using your phone or social media? What would you do with your time without your phone? 
im not sure how long i coud go without social media maybe like a few days if we talking like instgram or tiktok like a few days.But no phome i cant do it becasue i have nothing else to do and i will be there bored but with my phone i can watch vidoes for hours and hours.I can go to school and go home what to do when im home without my phome i will just sitting there bored out of my mind with nohing to do and without my phone howis my mom suppose to track me or if i got to school safe and cal my gramdma if something goes wrong.casue like its philly cant be walking around here with no phone espcally when your walking home by yourself.